hello it's ruby and welcome to part two
of my university preparation
today i am going to be doing a big
declutter i want to go through my room i
want to go through
basically anywhere i've got things in
the house and i want to sort through
them organize them declutter get rid of
some things this is just a really good
thing to do before a new academic year
starts
part one digital so the first thing i
did was sort through
my photos on my computer phone
i'm deleting things like this a random
shopping list which i definitely don't
need anymore
i had loads of really useless
screenshots and things that i just
needed to delete i ended up deleting
about 10 000 photos
and i'm so glad that i did this
i also sorted my photos into albums that
they'd be easier to find
and i labeled all of the faces of my
friends and family because this is
something i've been meaning to do for a
long time
i have made some albums
on photos which will hopefully keep
everything much more organized next i
went through all of my
files on my laptop and i backed
everything up on an external hard drive
i deleted anything i wasn't using and
anything i did want to keep on my laptop
i named so that i'd be able to find it
easily
here for example i'm sorting through all
of the clips that i took
when we went camping and
there were loads of them
[Music]
i have finally completed that that has
taken ages to do that big digital
declutter but i'm so glad that i've done
it third thing
in book zero i did a massive sort out of
my emails earlier in lockdown
and i just want to keep on top of this
this is my old laptop and i got my new
one
before lockdown so i've had it for six
months i've had the whole of lockdown to
clear this
and i've probably cleared about seven
eighths of this as in
i've backed it up because i'm gonna give
this to my dad after i've cleared it i
do finally
need to finish that before i go back to
university okay here we are i've
organized all of this
like all of my files into these folders
guys this is scary i'm about to click
clear i'm just going to search up how to
do it but first of all i'm going to do a
double check
go through all my applications and make
sure that they're answering applications
i had files on that i hadn't backed up i
was just
on photo booth and this was something i
almost forgot about
hello obviously i have a photo booth
library
and this is something i want to back up
so i just did that
okay so next i went through and
unsubscribed to people on youtube and i
know this seems really harsh
but i wanted to include it in this video
because i think it's important to
do this every once in a while i haven't
done this for such a long time i am
following like american girl accounts
still
from when i was younger and so this was
very much needed
sometimes there are accounts which
continue to pop up in your feed and they
actually do nothing for your mental
health
and i just encourage you to be mindful
of this and unsubscribe to people if
they are not
actually helping you so for example
unsubscribe to me if you feel like my
content isn't helping you
i was going through final cut pro this
is where i edit all of my youtube videos
at the moment it's quite tidy because
i filmed this after i actually did the
big sort out but i went through and
labeled all of my folders and just made
sure everything was really easy to find
so that was all of the digital stuff and
now we're moving on to physical
decluttering
okay so i am now going to tackle my
clothes i'm going to do a big declutter
i've actually bought three of these
these are
storage containers that you can put
stuff in
and there's a little window on the side
too so i'm not going to use the third
one but i'm going to use two of these
storage containers and
sort my clothes into summer and winter
and i'm also going to take the summer
clothes out of my wardrobe
everyone has a section in their wardrobe
i feel where things just get so messy
this is where i shoveled my clothes
which i didn't know what to do with
these storage containers ended up being
so so useful i'm so glad i bought them
yes i do have a lot of plates i know
people will say this i'm not a
minimalist i would love to be but
i find it really hard to let go of
things and so
i've just got these two massive
containers full of foods now
all right now i'm going to go through my
wardrobe and i am going to
swap out the summer thing so i'm going
to put them in that bag
[Music]
this is what the wardrobe looks like now
um without the summer clothes it pretty
much looks the same to me
so i actually still had some stuff from
school and also my folders from
university and i went through and just
took these things off these shelves in
the study to make room for more things
this red folder for example is my old a
level english folder and i had two
i have my as and my a level folder so i
basically
merged all of these together in one
folder because i definitely didn't need
two of those
next on the sorting journey i want to go
through and
declutter my hair accessories because i
have quite a lot
this top drawer is all the hair stuff
and then i've also got
this basket which is just filled with
scrunchies
[Music]
i love how the big hair clips looked
okay i've got myself a mug of tea and
now we are going to
tidy my bedside table
[Music]
you